---
layout: post
title: Tables
---

All table need for `id` and `created` field that will not listed anymore below.

enum
----

Collection of enum type/value used by system

1. `group`  
The enum group.
2. `label`  
The enum option label. The one that visible for user.
3. `value`  
The value that saved on db and used for query.


site_params
-----------

Various site parameters.

1. `name`  
The site param name.
2. `value`  
The parameter value.


site_ranks
----------

Site ranking on various site ranker provider.

1. `vendor`  
The vendor who provide the site rank.
2. `rank_international`  
International ranking
3. `rank_local`  
Local ranking.


user
----

All registered user that have access to admin panel.

1. `name`  
User login name. Used for login name, all system content owner url.
2. `fullname`  
User fullname, visible on almost all content where user info is requried.
3. `password`  
User hashed password by `password_hash`.
4. `avatar`  
Relative path to user profile image avatar.
5. `about`  
The about text of user.
6. `website`  
The URL of user website.
7. `socials`  
List of user social account. It's json encoded from:

{% highlight json %}
  [
    {
      "type": "facebook",
      "url": "http://www.facebook.com/..."
    }
  ]
{% endhighlight %}


user_perms
----------

List of permission some user can do on the admin panel

1. `user`  
The user this perms belong to
2. `perms`  
The permission name. Please refer to [User Permission]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2016-02-11-user-permission %}) for more information list of user
permission


user_session
------------

User session storage that keep user session key only.

1. `user`  
The user this session key belong to.
2. `hash`  
The session key, and is the cookie value.